The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
My wife and son were killed
in a hit-and-run seven years ago.
He was paid to crash into your wife.
It was a targeted kill.
- What's to say he's not trying to.
- Fuck with your mind now? - Nothing.
But I can't risk finding out
that he isn't.
Someone's trying to frame me
for this cocaine spiking.
I had nothing to do with it.
I don't care.
Sean is out there on his own.
so we need to catch up with him
before someone else does.
Sean. stop!
You want to get on the helicopter.
you tell me what I need to know.
What's his fucking name?!
You can't kill me. I'm Sean fucking
Wallace! I'm a proper fucking cunt!
- Moe?
- Yeah. I'm up here.
- Did you get any?
- Sonnex is charging double. Says the streets are dry.
Do you know what?
You need to go back out.
- You need to score some.
- Fucking more money. Ali. - Fuck off.
Why's it always me?
Because you fucking owe me.
How many times have I saved your
fucking skin? I found us this place -
You said this place was empty.
Ssh!
I'm a Wallace!
I'm Sean fucking Wallace!
I'm a proper fucking cunt!
Fuck.
Come on. Moe. We have to go now.
I've seen that guy around.
He lives near here.
I got a better idea.
What?
Do you know how much
this guy is worth?
You've done me a great favour
killing Sean Wallace.
Thank you.
Ssh.
It's no use. lad. We've lost 'em.
Look. I wanna find Sean.
as much as you. believe me.
But we can't drive around all night.
Luan's men'll be onto us.
Billy. This is the third time
we've been down this fuckin' street.
What's the plan?
What are you playing at?
You gonna answer that?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. OK.
No.
I'm sorry. son.
He's alive.
they're... they're lying.
Two guys brought the body to Luan.
Sean's dead. Billy.
'I've missed you so much.'
I miss you too.
'I will never let you go again.'
It's too late.
632.
That's the official number.
Not including unreported deaths.
Then there's the survivors:
brain damage.
psychosis.
seizures... What do you want?
I read your file.
Oh. it's compelling stuff.
How does someone so exemplary. so...
committed
to doing the right thing.
become a heartless prick overnight?
What... do... you want?
I would like you
to hand yourself in.
We'll ensure a shorter sentence. as
a thank-you for your co-operation.
And guess what? You get to live in
the knowledge that you gave justice
to those victims.
that you paid for your crimes.
My crimes?
And you can... prove that. can you?
Thank you. for your offer.
but I think I'm gonna pass.
Mr Carter. I get what I want...
in the end.
What the fuck
was the mayor doing here?
It wasn't to enquire about my health.
Look like she's got plain clothes
tailing me.
I need to find Sean.
Sean's dead. Elliot.
Tonight.
Word is someone collected the bounty
from Luan.
What are you doing?
I think the person who killed Sean...
also did our driver.
I need to find him.
So what're you thinking?
I don't know.
But I have to talk to Luan.
OK. But what about
your police friends outside?
Can you hold 'em off?
I'm parked on level three.
My daughter will be four tomorrow.
I can finally pay for a real party.
With balloons. cake... magicians!
Ah.
kids don't like magicians no more.
Oh. they do.
Nah. It's all Marvel
and fucking Paw Patrol. bro.
What you spend it on then?
I don't know.
Sex and drugs and rock'n'roll.
Oh... and a nice little gaff
by the river.
So I can look down on them cunts
that used to ignore us.
Whoo!
Go and get some drinks. yeah?
Let's have a fucking party.
My man.
Stella.
Two bottles of champagne. please.
Yes.
You rolling like that. yeah?
So. earlier today man
didn't even have enough for a bag.
Yo. how much dick did you
have to suck to get that kind of P?
Don't talk to me like that.
Or what? What you gonna do?
Come on. pussyhole.
I wouldn't talk like that to the man
who killed Sean Wallace.
Yeah. two bags. Sonnex.
then get the fuck out our faces.
Come on.
Yeah.
Are you fucking stupid?
- What?
- You can't go round saying you killed Sean fucking Wallace.
You're a liability. man.
Yeah? Billy. it's me.
It is the middle of the night.
You were sleeping. were you?
Toast?
I told you to keep him alive.
I don't take orders from you.
You have no idea what you've done!
This one here... killed my daughter.
The guy who killed the driver...
who ran me over earlier
and took Sean.
Did he bring him to you?
It was dark.
Maybe.
But there were two.
And why would the spiker kill Sean?
- No. they were associates.
- Yeah. we may've been wrong about that.
What the fuck you talking about now?
Luan. Sean might have been innocent.
No! He did it.
With Billy and Cornelius.
And they're gonna
fucking pay for it. man.
Look. I need to find these guys.
Have you got a location?
I'll take you there. No. No.
Sooner or later.
Marian's gonna find out
you've got her son's dead body
in the boot of your car.
You have your own problems
to deal with?
Look. I did everything you asked.
I don't know.
The place was empty. No-one saw me.
Where are they now?
OK. I'll find them.
Mrs Wallace.
Luan Dushaj is here to see you.
Oh. my God.
What have you done?
I'm sorry it has come to this
but your son was responsible
for the death of my daughter.
And I cannot let that be.
I only have respect for you. Marian.
And I do not want a war with you.
But I must kill those responsible:
Billy... and Cornelius.
I swear I will not harm you -
as long as you stay out of my way.
I hope...
we can come to an agreement.
Ask your friends around. yeah?
- Any luck?
- They say there's some guys at Sullivans
boasting about killing Sean Wallace.
Fuck it.
Another round on me. guys!
Stella.
20 of your finest beers. please.
To that dead prick. Sean Wallace.
who's made us rich men.
What did I fucking tell you?
We're with friends here. so...
I'm gonna go to the little boys room. yeah?
Whilst I'm gone.
keep your big fucking mouth shut.
OK? Alright.
Alright.
Chill.
You know this place?
Yeah. full of junkies.
You good? Yeah.
You sure?
I said I'm fucking ready.
It wasn't easy
taking down a Wallace.
Looks like a... a weak cunt.
but he had a killer right hook.
Bang! He caught me here.
So... I got pissed off
and I said to him.
"Fuck you. Sean Wallace. I'm not
scared of you or your family!"
Bash!
Fair play. lad.
Then what did Sean say?
Cos I say... fuck the Wallaces.
Every last one of them.
Hm?
I'll break.
And you... can tell me
how you did that little cunt in.
So then Moe pinned him down.
I picked up the gun
and held it to his head.
And what did Sean do?
Pissed his fucking pants.
Oi. you fucking -
Moe!
Argh!
No. please. I haven't done anything.
Fuck! Fuck!
Oh. fuck!
No. no. no. bro...
No. no! Please. please!
Fuck!
Really?
Fucking junkies.
Get up. you little shit.
I would like nothing better
than to kill you myself.
- But... I think the lad.
- Might have other ideas. - Ughh!
Please. man. please.
Please. I swear
I haven't fucking done anything.
Go on. Billy boy!
Hey. wait. wait. wait!
There is a bag of money over by the
sink. It's yours. man. take it. Fuck!
Please. Please. Argh!
Ali. Fucking hell. man.
Listen. find the bag.
Man. please just take it. Fucking...
That's your money. man.
That... that's yours.
Just let me fucking go.
Yeah?
Now. are we cool. bro. yeah. yeah?
Nah. No. no. no!
Moe.
We... we didn't...
we didn't kill Sean. I swear.
What's this then? Pocket money?
We didn't kill...
I swear!
Argh!
Don't fucking move.
If this is anything
to do with your fucking coke.
- I told you. we don't know.
- Anything about it. - Put him down.
Where is he?
The one that killed Sean.
That's not him.
That's not the guy that took him.
See? I told you it wasn't us!
Please. We didn't kill Sean.
We just found the body.
I saw who did it.
I know who he is. Please.
Take him. Get up.
- What the fuck do you think.
- You're doing? - Shut the fuck up. man.
I need him.
This has got fuck all
to do with you!
Sab. go.
Fuck.
Right. Easy. easy.
Slow down. slow down.
Fuck. Fuck.
Fuck!
Hey. slow down.
Slow down. Breathe.
We need to find out where Sean's
killer is. Get him talking now.
Elliot. he's fucking messed up.
Right. bruv. Relax. man.
Fuck this.
Please. Don't hurt me. please.
Bruv. chill out. man.
What's he saying?
What's he saying?!
Just something about his daughter.
What's your name?
Ali. Where are you from. Ali?
I... I move. Right now I am east...
not far from Borough High Street.
You got your own place? No.
Uh... just a... a tent.
Moe found us somewhere
but I can't go back there.
How do I know
you are not going to kill me?
You help us and we will help you.
Just tell me what you saw?
I saw the guy that shot
Sean Wallace. I recognise him.
He lives in a place
near where I sleep.
Take me.
Please. I told you what I know.
Yeah. but now I have to find out
if it's true.
- Please. he's gonna kill me.
- Yo. - Please. please!
Armed police! Do not move!
Evening. fellas.
- What's all this fuss about? Don't move.
- Oh!
Hey. let's just calm down. yeah?
Whoa!
- Put your hands on the car. - What for?
- - Do it now. - Don't touch me. - What for?
- Hey!
- Get off me. man. I ain't got nothing.
Elliot Carter... Arh!
You are under arrest
for possession of a firearm
with intent to cause violence.
They're all clear. sir.
Sab! Saba!
- Stay back!
- Get him talking. Find out what I need to know.
Saba?
Hm.
Through here.
I want my phone call.
Lines are busy. mate.
Sorry.
Why did you call me here. Eddie?
You've had your pound of flesh...
- but this ends now.
- No. Not until I've got Billy and Cornelius.
You think Marian's
going to stand for that?
Marian knows what will happen
if she will interfere.
Luan. you don't want a war.
None of us do.
I'm thinking of my family.
So am I.
Let it go. Luan. It's done.
Oh. my boy.
Oh. your hands.
Billy.
What the fuck do you want then?
Been a few years. eh. sis?
Long time.
Didn't know family
was so important to you.
Always has been.
It's you that forgot.
Luan thinks you're to blame
for his daughter's death
and he wants you dead.
I can offer you protection.
But I want you to help me
destroy those who murdered Sean.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Billy. Billy.
Are you fucking joking?
You're the one who left him to die.
Why don't you just say it?
For once.
admit that you made a mistake.
Admit that you abandoned us.
both of us.
Billy. your mother's right.
You can stand here all-night
tearing strips off each other
but fact of the matter is.
Sean's dead...
and the cunts that framed us aren't.
The only way for you
to get justice for your brother now
is for us to work together.
You can blow each other's brains out
after that.
Oi oi!
Hello?!
I want my fucking phone call!
Hey!
Boss man. know a guy called Ali?
Nah? You sure? Thanks.
I didn't tell them anything.
I swear. man. I didn't.
I didn't. Please.
Shit.
Who's that?
He was dead
when we found him. Throat slit.
What do you want me to do?
Go dark. Look after yourself.
I'll be in touch.
Tell Simone Thearle
I'm ready to talk.
I need to talk to you...
privately.
Yeah. I'm afraid
that's not something I can do.
And even if it was...
Locking me up is pointless.
I wouldn't say that.
They tell me
that firearm possession is um...
- it's a good ten years.
- But I'm not the one you're looking for.
- Mm.
- And if you keep me locked up in here. you may never find them.
And what's going on out there
can only get worse.
Last night.
someone murdered Sean Wallace.
That person is involved
in swapping one ton of clean cocaine
for a product laced with fentanyl.
That product made its way into the
streets and killed 600 people.
And why would this "someone"
do that?
That's what I'm trying to figure out.
An operation that big.
they're not working alone.
You find that clean cocaine.
you find the people that did this.
So you think they've got
your clean cocaine and what.
planning to sell it?
I'm just a concerned citizen.
OK.
I've read about you too.
I know about your brother.
I've lost people also.
And I know how much
you want to make a change.
We can help each other.
We have a deal?
Come forward.
Stop there.
Licence. please.
Thank you.
What is this?
Random spot checks.
Part of the mayor's
new war on drugs.
Thank you. I need to check the back.
- Excuse me.
- I need to see in the back of the van.
All good. Yeah.
This is your confession.
You sign and date it
for a week's time.
And if you don't deliver by then.
you're back inside.
And you're not getting out.
My release needs to go
through the Dumani lawyers.
This has to look real...
for both of us.
Oh. I'm aware.
- My entire political career.
- Rests on this. - And my life.
Then you'd better
come up with something quick.
The coke's in Belgian beer kegs.
That's what we're looking for.
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org